{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs32\b pyRevit Filter Override Toolkit\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b Author:\b0  PRADUL P\par
\b Date:\b0  2026-05-10\par
\b Version:\b0  1.2\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs28\b Introduction\b0\fs24\par
This toolkit provides a professional suite of pyRevit scripts to manage, synchronize, duplicate, and reset Revit filter overrides efficiently. It empowers users to maintain rigorous graphic standards, optimize view management, and ensure template accuracy across complex project environments.\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b Toolbar Overview\b0\par
The scripts are organized under the \b FilterOverride\b0  tab in the pyRevit ribbon. The toolbar is divided into primary tools and a specialized \b Manage\b0  stack.\par
\par
- \b Copy Between:\b0  Synchronize filters/overrides between source and multiple target views.\par
- \b Copy Overrides:\b0  Granularly copy specific properties from one filter to another.\par
- \b Manage: Change Colors:\b0  Bulk update colors and fill patterns for multiple filters.\par
- \b Manage: Duplicate:\b0  Clone parameter filters along with their categories and rules.\par
- \b Manage: Reset:\b0  Clear all overrides to return filters to project default settings.\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b Scripts and Procedures\b0\par
\par
\b 3.1 Change Colors\b0\par
Purpose: Bulk update colors and fill patterns of filters in a view or template.\par
Procedure:\par
1. Select the target view or template.\par
2. Pick filters to modify.\par
3. Choose properties to override: Fills or Lines.\par
4. Select a new color via the Windows Color Picker.\par
5. Pick a new fill pattern.\par
\b Example:\b0  Change Wall foreground fill to "Solid Red" and Door cut lines to "Black" in the First Floor Plan.\par
\par
\b 3.2 Copy Between Views\b0\par
Purpose: Transfer selected filters and their overrides from a source view to multiple targets.\par
Procedure:\par
1. Select the Source view or template.\par
2. Select one or more Target views.\par
3. Choose exactly which filters to copy.\par
\b Example:\b0  Copy "Doors_Fire_Rating" filter overrides from the Ground Floor template to the Second Floor and Roof Plan views.\par
\par
\b 3.3 Copy Specific Overrides\b0\par
Purpose: Transfer specific graphic properties from a "Source" filter to one or more "Target" filters.\par
Procedure:\par
1. Pick the Target View.\par
2. Select the Source Filter (the reference style).\par
3. Select Target Filters (the receivers).\par
4. Select properties to copy (Lines, Fills, etc.).\par
\b Example:\b0  Copy only the Projection Fill (color and pattern) from "Structural Walls" filter to "Architecture Walls" filter.\par
\par
\b 3.4 Duplicate Filter\b0\par
Purpose: Create a perfect clone of an existing parameter filter.\par
Procedure:\par
1. Pick the source filter.\par
2. Enter a New Name.\par
\b Example:\b0  Duplicate "Wall Hatch_Global" filter as "Wall Hatch_Zonal_A" in the General Arrangement template.\par
\par
\b 3.5 Reset Filters\b0\par
Purpose: Remove all graphic overrides from selected filters.\par
Procedure:\par
1. Select the target view.\par
2. Pick filters to be cleared.\par
\b Example:\b0  Reset "Door_Highlight" and "Furniture_Override" filters in the Presentation View.\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b Usage Tips\b0\par
- \b Template Focus:\b0  Always perform bulk updates on View Templates.\par
- \b Selective Overrides:\b0  Use Copy Specific Overrides to update styles without overwriting existing settings.\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b Revision History\b0\par
1.0 (2025-08-17): Initial documentation.\par
1.1 (2025-09-07): Added step-by-step procedures.\par
1.2 (2026-05-10): Updated for tab rename and Manage stack restructuring. Added detailed examples.\par
\par
\pard\qc\f0\fs20 Developed with Heart for BIM Efficiency.\par
}
